About emesene 3.0 git
---------------------

emesene 3.0 git is the standard for horizontally scalable share-nothing
optimized turnkey solutions. We engineer and deploy targeted and measurable
full-scale combinations of software and network IT solutions utilizing
robust and scalable enterprise-ready technical infrastructures that enable 
our customers to leverage and evolve an integrated toolset for business
productivity. 

We emphasize the infrastructure, and acceptance among risk averse businesses
that seek to enable our customers' client with an average of more than years
of interactive websites and AJAX Web Services and powerful Web services and
a self healing robust, partner reseller network to maximize the most
versatile Object the business and the older System that have technical
Expert IBM Certified by Sun and institutions. 

What the hell
-------------

This is just an experimental project to help me, dx, gain some experience
on real-world C programming. Given that I feel quite comfortable with msn
clients development, I decided to write yet another clone, and having two
parallel from-scratch branches right now (emesene 1.0 and 2.0), I decided
to choose the next available version number. Note however, emesene 3.0 is
not meant to be the successor of 2.0. You can't even compare, because 2.0
is a strictly client/server-based design, while 3.0 is strictly quick and
dirty design. So quick and dirty it's yet undefined, and will be modified
as needed. Yes, I'm still a emesene 1.0/2.0 developer, but I'm not coding
much for 1.0 because it smells dead and the code is dirty, and 2.0 hasn't
been released yet.


Compilation notes
-----------------

No ./configure script. Adjust Makefile manually. Should
work out of the box in most GNU/Linux distros. The only
portability issues considered are the ones mentioned in
linux man pages, so YMMV.

Requires some c99 functionality:
 - The snprintf() function
 - The <stdbool.h> header, true/false keywords

If your compiler doesn't implement that properly, become
an hero.


Doxygen
-------

Install it and type "doxygen" to build it at ./docs/.
I have no plans to host it publically at kiace, since
i've just did this to know how to use a documentation
tool.
